Genesis 1:1	In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Genesis 1:2	And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.
Genesis 1:3	And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
Genesis 1:4	And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.
Genesis 1:5	And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.
Genesis 1:6	And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.
Genesis 1:7	And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.
Genesis 1:8	And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day.
Genesis 1:9	And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.
Genesis 1:10	And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.
Exodus 17:6	Behold, I will stand before thee there upon the rock in Horeb; and thou shalt smite the rock, and there shall come water out of it, that the people may drink. And Moses did so in the sight of the elders of Israel.
Exodus 17:7	And he called the name of the place Massah, and Meribah, because of the chiding of the children of Israel, and because they tempted the LORD, saying, Is the LORD among us, or not?
Exodus 17:8	Then came Amalek, and fought with Israel in Rephidim.
Exodus 17:9	And Moses said unto Joshua, Choose us out men, and go out, fight with Amalek: to morrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in mine hand.
Exodus 17:10	So Joshua did as Moses had said to him, and fought with Amalek: and Moses, Aaron, and Hur went up to the top of the hill.
Exodus 17:11	And it came to pass, when Moses held up his hand, that Israel prevailed: and when he let down his hand, Amalek prevailed.
Exodus 17:12	But Moses hands were heavy; and they took a stone, and put it under him, and he sat thereon; and Aaron and Hur stayed up his hands, the one on the one side, and the other on the other side; and his hands were steady until the going down of the sun.
Exodus 17:13	And Joshua discomfited Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword.
Exodus 17:14	And the LORD said unto Moses, Write this for a memorial in a book, and rehearse it in the ears of Joshua: for I will utterly put out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven.
Exodus 17:15	And Moses built an altar, and called the name of it Jehovahnissi: